_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

build: add resume and update about

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  # address: >
  #   <p>555 your office number</p>
  #   <p>123 your address street</p>
  #   <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a Ph.D. Candidate at [Vanderbilt University](https://www.vanderbilt.edu/) and [2023 PMF Finalist](https://www.opm.gov/news/releases/2023/02/release-us-office-of-personnel-management-announces-finalists-for-class-of-2023-presidential-management-fellows/) with research interests in climate change adaptation, climate mitigation, and coupled natural and human systems. My Ph.D. dissertation focuses on understanding the threat of sea level rise to the low-lying landscape of the lower Ganges-Brahmaputra-Meghna delta. Much of my work combines collecting environmental information through field research which I use to simulate the evolution of the landscape elevation of the delta. From this, I gain insights into the spatial resilience of the delta which can be used to prioritize strategies for mitigating the inevitable impact of sea level rise.
